you ever make anything happen anything
you couldn't explain you're a wizard
Harry I'm a wat dear mr. Potter we are
pleased to inform you that you have been
accepted a whole school of wizardry
you're the reason that debt it was that
friend
things are fine
- Ariane once fight it's your turn again
that's too much
I think the most intriguing thing about
Hallows Part 1 is the fact that we're
not alcoholics anymore suddenly you take
them out on the road and they feel very
small in this very big world and it's a
very real world and it's a very
dangerous world these are dark times
there is no denying Aryan rollin tamale
are forced to leave it's a huge journey
for three of them
I can't fight this war on your own mr.
Potter
the reason they're here the reason
they're on this journey is much bigger
than any one of them or even all three
of it what's at stake is much more
important than any of their individual
lives longer we stay here the stronger
he gets
rule on the run and anything could
happen we could get attacked at any
moment lowers safe it makes it very
exciting
they need to destroy Voldemort in order
to preserve and save Wizarding World
nobody else gonna die not for me they're
all going to be no more Harry Potter
films after these two are released
there's this feeling on set like
everyone is just giving that everything
to it
you